all of the strange color balance we're
getting here today it's not quite sure
what the story is but a little black in
the frame and it all cleans back up
anyway will England here again with the
Sprint product ambassadors with our
galaxy s6 spigen has been kind enough to
send along a case my selection was a
tough Armour for the Galaxy s6 with the
kickstand again frustration-free package
and popped the tape along the side and
the plastic clamshell opens right up you
can remove the recyclable plastic lid
and the cardboard packaging and you have
here a case that is just the right size
for your Galaxy s6 again keeping with
Goldilocks theme you don't want a case
that's so big it keeps it from fitting
in your pocket that you have to use a
belt clip to carry it but you want
something that's going to protect those
gorgeous metal edges and glass back the
tough armor offers a two-piece
construction case TPU
insides with a polycarbonate or similar
plastic back and a branded kickstand to
install the case it's simply a matter of
removing the TPU from inside the metal
brushed finished case two hands that
comes off nicely and there's your TPU
big cutout for the camera flash and s
housed by s health buttons your volume
keys line up as well as your power key
with slots for IR blaster and other
ports to install you simply slide the
phone into the case again much easier
with two hands and run the case around
the phone well pause now to do this
properly so nothing gets Bend up once
you have the case on you'll see it fits
just like a factory with ports for your
irda or IR both are - old-school IR
blaster speaker USB microphone input and
your power and volume buttons now we
need to put our kickstand and final
protective layer on that's just a matter
of clipping in the long edge around your
power
on the right of the phone and then
pressing it into place on the volume
button side few firm presses and you've
taken your gorgeous galaxy s6 phone and
made it into something industrial sleek
and tough in its TPU protected case this
is a must-have accessory for this phone
those metal edges will get dinged when
you drop it on the concrete and that
back glass screen well we've all seen
our friends with other phones that had
back glass screens they they don't like
being dropped very well the spigen tough
armored case is a Goldilocks case
provides just the right amount of
protection without extra bulk I highly
recommend it and I'm very much looking
forward to one final feature our
kickstand little stiff to pop out at
first but once you pop it out you can
use the kickstand in portrait mode while
you're watching videos and in landscape
mode not so much its portrait mode only
that's ok fantastic for watching videos
or scrolling through photos or a news
feed so you do have a rudimentary
kickstand perhaps not as good as some of
seen but it is a kickstand very helpful
for media consumption checking out the
button alignment firm click on the power
button results in the power button being
pressed and same with the volume up and
down buttons good alignment there very
nice fit and finish as good as I've seen
on a case just barely covers to the edge
of the bezel leaving the full screen
available for using the actual phone
again we're looking at the spigen tough
armor for galaxy s6 kickstand case but
two layers of protection highly
recommended
must buy to keep your Galaxy s6 safe
thanks